fantastical; the wedding, mannerly modest, as a measure, full of state and
Speak low, if you speak love.
I love you the better; the hearers may cry Amen.
Signior, you are very near my brother in his love: he is
Save in the office and affairs of love:
Therefore all hearts in love use their own tongues;
I wish him joy of her.
O God, sir, here’s a dish I love not: I cannot endure my Lady Tongue.
good will obtained; name the day of marriage, and God give thee joy!
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy: I were but little happy,
danced, and under that was I born. Cousins, God give you joy!
Tomorrow, my lord. Time goes on crutches till love have all his rites.
I will do any modest office, my lord, to help my cousin to a good
shall fall in love with Benedick; and I, with your two helps, will so
stomach, he shall fall in love with Beatrice. If we can do this, Cupid is
love-gods. Go in with me, and I will tell you my drift.
 What life is in that, to be the death of this marriage?
of zeal both to the Prince and Claudio, as—in love of your brother’s
he dedicates his behaviours to love, will, after he hath laughed at such
in love: and such a man is Claudio. I have known, when there was no music
be sworn but love may transform me to an oyster; but I’ll take my
shall be of what colour it please God. Ha! the Prince and Monsieur Love! I
Beatrice was in love with Signior Benedick?
that I love him?’
spirit; for I should flout him, if he writ to me; yea, though I love him,
In everything but in loving Benedick.
love her not, and she will die ere she make her love known, and she will
She doth well: if she should make tender of her love, ’tis
your niece. Shall we go seek Benedick and tell him of her love?
the while. I love Benedick well, and I could wish he would modestly
seem to pity the lady: it seems her affections have their full bent. Love
bear myself proudly, if I perceive the love come from her; they say too
think to marry: I must not seem proud: happy are they that hear their
I cannot reprove it; and wise, but for loving me: by my troth, it is no
horribly in love with her. I may chance have some odd quirks and remnants
a fair lady: I do spy some marks of love in her.
I do not take pity of her, I am a villain; if I do not love her, I am a
