But is a man not equally attractive when married?
No married man is ever attractive except to his wife.
terrible calamity?
Yes, he has told me all about poor Mr. Bunbury, and his terrible state
that I think that Brother John’s coldness to me is peculiarly painful.
Well, Cecily is a darling.
I think it has been a great success. I’m in love with Cecily, and that
I am afraid so. It’s a very painful parting.
It is always painful to part from people whom one has known for a very
wonderful and incomparable beauty, I have dared to love you wildly,
I don’t think that you should tell me that you love me wildly,
world but you. I love you, Cecily. You will marry me, won’t you?
course a man who is much talked about is always very attractive. One
foolish of me, but I fell in love with you, Ernest.
Darling! And when was the engagement actually settled?
Yes, darling, with a little help from others.
You must not laugh at me, darling, but it had always been a girlish
dream of mine to love some one whose name was Ernest. [Algernon rises,
But, my dear child, do you mean to say you could not love me if I had
Well, my own dear, sweet, loving little darling, I really can’t see why
. . [Moving to her] . . . if my name was Algy, couldn’t you love me?
don’t like that. It makes men so very attractive. Cecily, mamma, whose
secretive of him! He grows more interesting hourly. I am not sure,
Pray do! I think that whenever one has anything unpleasant to say, one
Ancient History, supplies us with many most painful examples of what I
anxious. It would have been terrible if any cloud had come across a
[Quite politely, rising.] My darling Cecily, I think there must be some
Are there many interesting walks in the vicinity, Miss Cardew?
Five counties! I don’t think I should like that; I hate crowds.
Gwendolen! Darling! [Offers to kiss her.]
love! [Offers to kiss her.]
[Slowly and hesitatingly.] Gwendolen—Cecily—it is very painful for me
have ever been reduced to such a painful position, and I am really
I wanted to be engaged to Gwendolen, that is all. I love her.
muffins.] It is very vulgar to talk about one’s business. Only people
But I hate tea-cake.
