Advice from a Caterpillar
The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in
silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and
“Who are _you?_” said the Caterpillar.
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
“What do you mean by that?” said the Caterpillar sternly. “Explain
“I can’t explain _myself_, I’m afraid, sir,” said Alice, “because I’m
“I don’t see,” said the Caterpillar.
“I’m afraid I can’t put it more clearly,” Alice replied very politely,
“It isn’t,” said the Caterpillar.
“Well, perhaps you haven’t found it so yet,” said Alice; “but when you
“Not a bit,” said the Caterpillar.
“Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,” said Alice; “all I know
“You!” said the Caterpillar contemptuously. “Who are _you?_”
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar’s making such _very_
“Why?” said the Caterpillar.
Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a _very_ unpleasant
“Come back!” the Caterpillar called after her. “I’ve something
This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.
“Keep your temper,” said the Caterpillar.
“Is that all?” said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
“No,” said the Caterpillar.
Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do,
“I’m afraid I am, sir,” said Alice; “I can’t remember things as I
“Can’t remember _what_ things?” said the Caterpillar.
came different!” Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.
“Repeat, “_You are old, Father William_,’” said the Caterpillar.
Alice folded her hands, and began:—
“That is not said right,” said the Caterpillar.
“Not _quite_ right, I’m afraid,” said Alice, timidly; “some of the
“It is wrong from beginning to end,” said the Caterpillar decidedly,
The Caterpillar was the first to speak.
“Oh, I’m not particular as to size,” Alice hastily replied; “only one
“I _don’t_ know,” said the Caterpillar.
Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life
“Are you content now?” said the Caterpillar.
mind,” said Alice: “three inches is such a wretched height to be.”
“It is a very good height indeed!” said the Caterpillar angrily,
“But I’m not used to it!” pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And she
“You’ll get used to it in time,” said the Caterpillar; and it put the
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In a
minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth and
“One side of _what?_ The other side of _what?_” thought Alice to
“Of the mushroom,” said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute,
“Come, my head’s free at last!” said Alice in a tone of delight, which
“What _can_ all that green stuff be?” said Alice. “And where _have_ my
“I’m _not_ a serpent!” said Alice indignantly. “Let me alone!”
“I haven’t the least idea what you’re talking about,” said Alice.
Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no use in
“I’m very sorry you’ve been annoyed,” said Alice, who was beginning to
“But I’m _not_ a serpent, I tell you!” said Alice. “I’m a—I’m a—”
“I—I’m a little girl,” said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
“I _have_ tasted eggs, certainly,” said Alice, who was a very truthful
This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
“It matters a good deal to _me_,” said Alice hastily; “but I’m not
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well
“Whoever lives there,” thought Alice, “it’ll never do to come upon them
