frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled
saying, in a solemn tone, “For the Duchess. An invitation from the
An invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.”
Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the wood
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
“Please, then,” said Alice, “how am I to get in?”
this Alice thought decidedly uncivil. “But perhaps he can’t help it,”
“How am I to get in?” asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. “It’s really
“But what am _I_ to do?” said Alice.
“Oh, there’s no use in talking to him,” said Alice desperately: “he’s
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool
“There’s certainly too much pepper in that soup!” Alice said to
There was certainly too much of it in the air. Even the Duchess sneezed
“Please would you tell me,” said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
“It’s a Cheshire cat,” said the Duchess, “and that’s why. Pig!”
She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
“They all can,” said the Duchess; “and most of ’em do.”
“I don’t know of any that do,” Alice said very politely, feeling quite
“You don’t know much,” said the Duchess; “and that’s a fact.”
Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
the Duchess and the baby—the fire-irons came first; then followed a
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
“Oh, _please_ mind what you’re doing!” cried Alice, jumping up and down
“If everybody minded their own business,” the Duchess said in a hoarse
“Which would _not_ be an advantage,” said Alice, who felt very glad to
“Talking of axes,” said the Duchess, “chop off her head!”
Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
“Oh, don’t bother _me_,” said the Duchess; “I never could abide
While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing
that Alice could hardly hear the words:—
“Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!” the Duchess said to Alice,
Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
“just like a star-fish,” thought Alice. The poor little thing was
thought Alice, “they’re sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn’t it be
“Don’t grunt,” said Alice; “that’s not at all a proper way of
The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into its face
its eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did
said Alice, seriously, “I’ll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
Alice was just beginning to think to herself, “Now, what am I to do
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
wider. “Come, it’s pleased so far,” thought Alice, and she went on.
“I don’t much care where—” said Alice.
“—so long as I get _somewhere_,” Alice added as an explanation.
Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another
“But I don’t want to go among mad people,” Alice remarked.
“How do you know I’m mad?” said Alice.
Alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on “And how
“I suppose so,” said Alice.
“_I_ call it purring, not growling,” said Alice.
“I should like it very much,” said Alice, “but I haven’t been invited
Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
“It turned into a pig,” Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back
Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
“I said pig,” replied Alice; “and I wish you wouldn’t keep appearing
“Well! I’ve often seen a cat without a grin,” thought Alice; “but a
