uncomfortable for the Dormouse,” thought Alice; “only, as it’s asleep,
Alice coming. “There’s _plenty_ of room!” said Alice indignantly, and
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
“Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,” said Alice angrily.
“I didn’t know it was _your_ table,” said Alice; “it’s laid for a great
Alice for some time with great curiosity, and this was his first
“You should learn not to make personal remarks,” Alice said with some
“Come, we shall have some fun now!” thought Alice. “I’m glad they’ve
“Exactly so,” said Alice.
“I do,” Alice hastily replied; “at least—at least I mean what I
Alice thought over all she could remember about ravens and
is it?” he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his
Alice considered a little, and then said “The fourth.”
Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. “What a
“Of course not,” Alice replied very readily: “but that’s because it
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. The Hatter’s remark seemed to have no
“Have you guessed the riddle yet?” the Hatter said, turning to Alice
“No, I give it up,” Alice replied: “what’s the answer?”
Alice sighed wearily. “I think you might do something better with the
“I don’t know what you mean,” said Alice.
“Perhaps not,” Alice cautiously replied: “but I know I have to beat
“That would be grand, certainly,” said Alice thoughtfully: “but then—I
“Is that the way _you_ manage?” Alice asked.
given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing
“I’ve heard something like it,” said Alice.
“How dreadfully savage!” exclaimed Alice.
A bright idea came into Alice’s head. “Is that the reason so many
“Then you keep moving round, I suppose?” said Alice.
“But what happens when you come to the beginning again?” Alice ventured
“I’m afraid I don’t know one,” said Alice, rather alarmed at the
“Yes, please do!” pleaded Alice.
“What did they live on?” said Alice, who always took a great interest
“They couldn’t have done that, you know,” Alice gently remarked;
Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
“Take some more tea,” the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.
“I’ve had nothing yet,” Alice replied in an offended tone, “so I can’t
“Nobody asked _your_ opinion,” said Alice.
Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself to
“There’s no such thing!” Alice was beginning very angrily, but the
“No, please go on!” Alice said very humbly; “I won’t interrupt again. I
“What did they draw?” said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.
moved into the Dormouse’s place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
“But they were _in_ the well,” Alice said to the Dormouse, not choosing
This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for
“Why with an M?” said Alice.
Alice was silent.
“Really, now you ask me,” said Alice, very much confused, “I don’t
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in
“At any rate I’ll never go _there_ again!” said Alice as she picked her
