painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she
things—” when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
“Would you tell me,” said Alice, a little timidly, “why you are
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.
and among them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a
grand procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.
Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
Alice, she went on, “What’s your name, child?”
“My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,” said Alice very politely;
“How should _I_ know?” said Alice, surprised at her own courage. “It’s
“Nonsense!” said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
to Alice for protection.
“You shan’t be beheaded!” said Alice, and she put them into a large
The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
“Yes!” shouted Alice.
“Come on, then!” roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
“Very,” said Alice: “—where’s the Duchess?”
“What for?” said Alice.
“No, I didn’t,” said Alice: “I don’t think it’s at all a pity. I said
“She boxed the Queen’s ears—” the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
began. Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground
The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo:
always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice
Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
to herself “It’s the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. “It’s no use
of them.” In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
“I don’t think they play at all fairly,” Alice began, in rather a
“Not at all,” said Alice: “she’s so extremely—” Just then she noticed
“Who _are_ you talking to?” said the King, going up to Alice, and
“It’s a friend of mine—a Cheshire Cat,” said Alice: “allow me to
that!” He got behind Alice as he spoke.
“A cat may look at a king,” said Alice. “I’ve read that in some book,
Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
the other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a
matter much,” thought Alice, “as all the arches are gone from this side
When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to find quite
The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle
Alice could think of nothing else to say but “It belongs to the
Duchess: you’d better ask _her_ about it.”
time he had come back with the Duchess, it had entirely disappeared; so
