It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
it muttering to itself “The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh my dear paws! Oh
ferrets! Where _can_ I have dropped them, I wonder?” Alice guessed in a
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
a fan! Quick, now!” And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off
“How queer it seems,” Alice said to herself, “to be going messages for
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: “‘Miss Alice! Come
don’t think,” Alice went on, “that they’d let Dinah stop in the house
Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
“It was much pleasanter at home,” thought poor Alice, “when one wasn’t
“But then,” thought Alice, “shall I _never_ get any older than I am
“Oh, you foolish Alice!” she answered herself. “How can you learn
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
the door opened inwards, and Alice’s elbow was pressed hard against it,
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself “Then I’ll
“_That_ you won’t!” thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
of cucumber-frames there must be!” thought Alice. “I wonder what
“Oh! So Bill’s got to come down the chimney, has he?” said Alice to
Alice,) “Well, I hardly know—No more, thank ye; I’m better now—but I’m
“We must burn the house down!” said the Rabbit’s voice; and Alice
There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, “I
Alice heard the Rabbit say, “A barrowful will do, to begin with.”
“A barrowful of _what?_” thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,
Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
“The first thing I’ve got to do,” said Alice to herself, as she
thing!” said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to
and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
“And yet what a dear little puppy it was!” said Alice, as she leant
The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
caterpillar, that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly
