The Mock Turtle’s Story
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice’s,
Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought
“When _I’m_ a Duchess,” she said to herself, (not in a very hopeful
She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
“Perhaps it hasn’t one,” Alice ventured to remark.
“Tut, tut, child!” said the Duchess. “Everything’s got a moral, if only
you can find it.” And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice’s side as
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
Duchess was _very_ ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the
right height to rest her chin upon Alice’s shoulder, and it was an
“’Tis so,” said the Duchess: “and the moral of that is—‘Oh, ’tis love,
“Somebody said,” Alice whispered, “that it’s done by everybody minding
“Ah, well! It means much the same thing,” said the Duchess, digging her
sharp little chin into Alice’s shoulder as she added, “and the moral of
“How fond she is of finding morals in things!” Alice thought to
the Duchess said after a pause: “the reason is, that I’m doubtful about
“He might bite,” Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious
“Very true,” said the Duchess: “flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
“Only mustard isn’t a bird,” Alice remarked.
“Right, as usual,” said the Duchess: “what a clear way you have of
“It’s a mineral, I _think_,” said Alice.
“Of course it is,” said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to
everything that Alice said; “there’s a large mustard-mine near here.
“Oh, I know!” exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last
“I quite agree with you,” said the Duchess; “and the moral of that
“I think I should understand that better,” Alice said very politely,
“That’s nothing to what I could say if I chose,” the Duchess replied,
Alice.
“Oh, don’t talk about trouble!” said the Duchess. “I make you a present
“A cheap sort of present!” thought Alice. “I’m glad they don’t give
“Thinking again?” the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp
“I’ve a right to think,” said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
“Just about as much right,” said the Duchess, “as pigs have to fly; and
But here, to Alice’s great surprise, the Duchess’s voice died away,
linked into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the
“A fine day, your Majesty!” the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
“Let’s go on with the game,” the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was too
all the players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody
Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, “Have
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?”
“No,” said Alice. “I don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is.”
“It’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,” said the Queen.
“I never saw one, or heard of one,” said Alice.
As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
executions I have ordered;” and she walked off, leaving Alice alone
with the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature,
half to itself, half to Alice.
“What _is_ the fun?” said Alice.
“Everybody says ‘come on!’ here,” thought Alice, as she went slowly
They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance,
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes
“I’ll tell it her,” said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow tone: “sit
So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
“Once,” said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, “I was a real
heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and
“When we were little,” the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
“Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn’t one?” Alice asked.
“We called him Tortoise because he taught us,” said the Mock Turtle
at poor Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the
Gryphon said to the Mock Turtle, “Drive on, old fellow! Don’t be all
“I never said I didn’t!” interrupted Alice.
“You did,” said the Mock Turtle.
“Hold your tongue!” added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak again.
The Mock Turtle went on.
“_I’ve_ been to a day-school, too,” said Alice; “you needn’t be so
“With extras?” asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.
“Yes,” said Alice, “we learned French and music.”
“And washing?” said the Mock Turtle.
“Certainly not!” said Alice indignantly.
“Ah! then yours wasn’t a really good school,” said the Mock Turtle in a
“You couldn’t have wanted it much,” said Alice; “living at the bottom
“I couldn’t afford to learn it.” said the Mock Turtle with a sigh. “I
“What was that?” inquired Alice.
“Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,” the Mock Turtle
“I never heard of ‘Uglification,’” Alice ventured to say. “What is it?”
“Yes,” said Alice doubtfully: “it means—to—make—anything—prettier.”
Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so
she turned to the Mock Turtle, and said “What else had you to learn?”
“Well, there was Mystery,” the Mock Turtle replied, counting off the
“What was _that_ like?” said Alice.
“Well, I can’t show it you myself,” the Mock Turtle said: “I’m too
“I never went to him,” the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: “he taught
“And how many hours a day did you do lessons?” said Alice, in a hurry
“Ten hours the first day,” said the Mock Turtle: “nine the next, and so
“What a curious plan!” exclaimed Alice.
This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
“Of course it was,” said the Mock Turtle.
“And how did you manage on the twelfth?” Alice went on eagerly.
