The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
the back. At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears
Alice)—“and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster—”
(Alice began to say “I once tasted—” but checked herself hastily, and
“No, indeed,” said Alice. “What sort of a dance is it?”
“Two lines!” cried the Mock Turtle. “Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
“Of course,” the Mock Turtle said: “advance twice, set to partners—”
“Then, you know,” the Mock Turtle went on, “you throw the—”
“Turn a somersault in the sea!” cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly
sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice.
“It must be a very pretty dance,” said Alice timidly.
“Would you like to see a little of it?” said the Mock Turtle.
“Very much indeed,” said Alice.
“Come, let’s try the first figure!” said the Mock Turtle to the
So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very slowly
“Thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,” said Alice,
“Oh, as to the whiting,” said the Mock Turtle, “they—you’ve seen them,
“Yes,” said Alice, “I’ve often seen them at dinn—” she checked herself
“I don’t know where Dinn may be,” said the Mock Turtle, “but if you’ve
“I believe so,” Alice replied thoughtfully. “They have their tails in
“You’re wrong about the crumbs,” said the Mock Turtle: “crumbs would
and the reason is—” here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his
“Thank you,” said Alice, “it’s very interesting. I never knew so much
“I never thought about it,” said Alice. “Why?”
Alice was thoroughly puzzled. “Does the boots and shoes!” she repeated
Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
“And what are they made of?” Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.
“If I’d been the whiting,” said Alice, whose thoughts were still
“They were obliged to have him with them,” the Mock Turtle said: “no
“Wouldn’t it really?” said Alice in a tone of great surprise.
“Of course not,” said the Mock Turtle: “why, if a fish came to _me_,
“Don’t you mean ‘purpose’?” said Alice.
“I mean what I say,” the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone. And
Alice a little timidly: “but it’s no use going back to yesterday,
“Explain all that,” said the Mock Turtle.
So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
Caterpillar, and the words all coming different, and then the Mock
“It all came different!” the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully. “I
authority over Alice.
thought Alice; “I might as well be at school at once.” However, she got
“Well, I never heard it before,” said the Mock Turtle; “but it sounds
Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands,
“I should like to have it explained,” said the Mock Turtle.
“But about his toes?” the Mock Turtle persisted. “How _could_ he turn
“It’s the first position in dancing.” Alice said; but was dreadfully
Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come
“What _is_ the use of repeating all that stuff,” the Mock Turtle
“Yes, I think you’d better leave off,” said the Gryphon: and Alice was
went on. “Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?”
“Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,” Alice
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
“Chorus again!” cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had just begun
“Come on!” cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
“What trial is it?” Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only
